That Mehboob sahab Sharma and you saw the
development mosquitoes, I hope you too are
very good, in today's video I am going to
pick up my bike from the showroom,
as you saw in the last video itself
how its aloe vera juice was corrected, so
I love you, everything has changed and the
bike is completely fine, so I have called from the showroom
to pick up the bike and let's go, so we are
going and in the end I will tell you the details of what all it took,
how much time it
took and what all the details are there, so
now let's go to the showroom and there I will show
you the bike, the
science in the lot, it is BMW
motorized,
so let's go to the workshop,
a 22, look, our bike is complete
and you guys can have a look at it once and these are
new alloy wheels,
see, both the alarms, it is
completely new
and
now the rest of it is a completely fit car, I am
feeling very good, the car had
not gone back today, so
I am going home now
and after that I will tell you the details of what has
happened
[Music]  It is
₹1000 and the details that I had
told you that I will tell you is
that we BMW people wasted my time a lot
which is more than 3 months
in the beginning and come and meet me today, it has taken a lot of
time for them
and I want to tell you that the complete cost of this is nothing but its
pie chart also had to be given
button which is such a problem, the time of this is
involved by BMW and the reaction was that
its Greater Flamingo bike was
not available in the whole of India, so it took a lot of time to
make it a quarter inch from there, it took
almost three months
and only a little more after that this
festival was in the showroom and even after that the
claim from ICICI is 5-match, this is
very much irritating
with me which I wanted to put in front of you people
that this is a very wrong thing and the
ICC people of the states should pay attention to
all these things that you take home made cream,
you pay
money for it here, then those people
It should be noted
that this thing needs some improvement and the
thing is that at that time they did not want to give a clean chit in practice but
somehow I got the bike from the showroom
and after that
I got the bike today and it was able to stop my 454
charge which is a
good thing and that's all in today's video, the
rest of the bike is running well, if
you liked this video then please
like, subscribe and share the channel,
thank you